Cross posting MLCONF interview (#106)
scikit-learn/blog: _posts/2017-02-21-mlconf-interview.md

---
title: "Interview with Andreas Mueller"
date: February 21, 2017
categories:
  - Events
tags:
  - Open Source
featured-image: mlconf-interview.png

postauthors:
  - name: Reshama Shaikh
    website: https://reshamas.github.io
    image: reshama_shaikh.jpeg
  - name: Andreas Mueller
    website: https://amueller.github.io/
    image: andreas-mueller.jpg 
---

<div>
  <img src="/assets/images/posts_images/{{ page.featured-image }}" alt="">
  {% include postauthor.html %}
</div>

> In this interview, Andreas Mueller, lecturer in Data Science at Columbia University and core developer of the Python library scikit-learn, talks about his recent work with the scikit-learn open source community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this interview, Andreas Mueller, lecturer in Data Science at Columbia University and core developer of the Python library scikit-learn, speaks with Reshama Shaikh about his recent work with the scikit-learn open source community.
```
